I am preparing for my fourth speech
within level one of the Toastmasters
Pathways program. Actually, it's kind of
like speech number four and number five
because this is all about evaluation and
feedback. So, the idea here is that
you're going to come up with the speech
idea. It can be about anything. You're
going to present it and then you will
get feedback from the evaluator and your
goal is to take that feedback, do the
speech again, and hopefully it's an even
better version based on the feedback
that you receive. There's also an
element in this project of signing up to
be a speech evaluator yourself. So, if
that is something you haven't done,
please do that because it's such great
experience. And listen, I know when I
started with Toast Masters, I was
hesitant to sign up for Speech Evaluator
because I thought, who am I as a new
member to give someone else an
evaluation? But the reality is we can
all learn from each other regardless of
where our experience level is at. And
taking on the speech evaluator role is
going to be very helpful. And I have
many videos, one that's popping up right
now that talks about how you can do the
speech evaluator role. So after you're
done listening to this one, watching
this video, make sure you check out that
one as well. So I mentioned your topic
for this the fourth speech can really be
about anything but I would say try to
take some of the learnings from speeches
1 2 and three and incorporate some of
those things you've already gotten
familiar with in the sense of body
language and vocal variety and solid
speech structure. All of those things
should be present in your fourth speech,
but you can choose whatever topic you'd
like. In order to be prepared for this,
ensure that you have given your
toastmaster for the upcoming meeting
where you're going to give your speech
all of the information about your
speech, the speech title, the project
you're on, and ensure that there is a
speech evaluator signed up and that he
or she knows what it is that you're
doing, the project, and the purpose
because their role is very important.
essentially the feedback that they give
you that is going to build your future
speech. So it's an incredibly important
role for them to have in giving you a
solid evaluation. Now, sometimes it's a
little bit difficult when we receive an
evaluation or feedback to take in that
constructive criticism because you have
probably worked very hard on your speech
and then to have somebody else point out
some of the flaws of your speech.
At times that can be hard to hear, but
remember the whole goal of Toastmasters
is for us to improve our speaking
skills. And each Toastmasters member
wants to help other members improve
their skill sets. So rather than
thinking about feedback as a negative,
think about it as a great positive that
this is information you're getting which
can make your speeches in the future
even that much better. Those of you who
have been following along with my last
few videos on the channel know that I
not only do these videos to help you
prepare for the speech, but also I walk
the walk. I'm doing pathways as well.
You're following along on my journey.
So, right now I am preparing for my
fourth speech and I'm going to be
talking about one of the biggest ways
you can take your speeches to the next
level. This was researched from a
podcast episode I watched that had
really good information about how to
elevate your speech content. So, I'm
going to be sharing that. So, stay tuned
for that video that is coming up in the
next few days. But, I have a couple last
things to request before you sign off
from this video. I ran the stats and I
saw that only 10% of the people who
watch my videos are actually subscribed
to my channel. Only 10%. So if you have
watched a video or two and you are
dedicated and serious about improving
with Toast Masters or your public
speaking skills in general, the best
thing you can do to support my channel
is to subscribe. So take a second right
now, hit that subscribe button. that way
you'll never miss a video I post. And a
final exciting update that I have, I
just got this in the mail. I have
impactful communication merch. I've got
the black sweater with the white writing
for sure. You're going to see me wearing
this in future videos. And I have the
white sweater with the black writing.
There's a couple other options. T-shirts
as well. If you scroll down below the
video, I have a store set up with a few
products. This is another great way to
support what I do and support this
channel and also, let's face it, get
some really cool looking swag that shows
your dedication to public speaking. So,
if either of those interests you,
please, please, whatever you can do to
help support my channel, I appreciate
it. But thank you for taking the time to
watch this video. Stay tuned. The
example video will be coming